Swagger is no longer a limitation in the Delivery API - it's a feature (#5413)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 12/umbraco-cms/reference/content-delivery-api/README.md

{% endswagger-response %}
{% endswagger %}

> All endpoints are documented in a Swagger document at `{yourdomain}/umbraco/swagger`. Keep in mind that this document is not available in production mode by default (see also [this article](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms/reference/api-versioning-and-openapi)).

Reviewer: When sharing a link it should be described 😁 
```suggestion
All endpoints are documented in a Swagger document at `{yourdomain}/umbraco/swagger`. Keep in mind that this document is not available in production mode by default. For more information check the [API versioning and OpenAPI](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms/reference/api-versioning-and-openapi) article.
```
